Gate of Guidance:
grail room: top right looks like an item but can't jump to it (GOT IT, was Bronze Mirror)

Samaranta after killing the squirreL: Planned to go to the fairy queen. "The elevator above has been repaired. It connects to the Gate of Guidance, so pass through the gate and head toward the [Gate of Illsion (blue)]. There you shall meet with Fobos. Eg-Lana ruins == "the other side of La-Mulana"

Illusion:
Eg-Lana is know as the child of La-Mulana.

Fobos points out the Child Statue outside of his tent: "In the La-Mulana ruins, there isn't much else with a similar name, so look into it"

Fobos:

That [Crystal Skull (green)) you lent me, it's pretty interesting. It seems as though there are 12 of these in total. Among the materials I was researching was something called the [12 seal inscriptions (blue)]. // Apparently, the various seals can be broken in accordance with the number of skulls in your possession. Anyway, I've digitized those research materials. I don't know what's written in them, though. I mean, they were sealed, so...

Great job on solving the Dark Star Lord's puzzle, by the way. But the [Bust of Mimir (dark blue)] in that room continues to shine. Maybe there are still uncovered secrets remaining? Hm... Maybe there's a different way to interpret the arrangement?

The myriad of traps and mechanisms in the La-Mulana ruins were created by the 7th Children -- mainly myself -- but I did not create them because I wanted to. While the 8th Children were created for the purpose of defeating the Mother, we could not allow her to be made aware of our efforts. So I set an almost unnecessary numver of traps in order to help the 8th Children develop the power required to defeat the Mother. It was hard for me, too, you know.

The traps and mechanisms in La-Mulana were designed as a set of ordeals for the purpose of selecting the one to defeat the Mother, but those in Eg-Lana were created by those who control Yggdrasil -- the remnants of the 6th Children -- for the purpose of killing intruders. Of course I took some inspiration from those as well. So basically, the exceedingly evil traps were originally from Eg-Lana. Feel free to vent your frustrations on Eg-Lana.

Mulbruk? Ah, the girl who acted as protector of the La-Mulana ruins. She came to visiy a while ago. She was dressed up like some kind of venomous insect. She is extremely knowledgeable about ruins and ancient civilizations, so she should prove very helpful.

Looks like you've collected a good number of those Crystal Skulls. Could you show me some of the unlocked texts? Hm... The revelations keep on coming. It seems to imply that someone (light blue) has been giving orders to each generation of Children for the purpose of bringing about her death. If we could read this properly, I wonder if it would prove useful in sealing Eg-Lana?

The [Dark Star Lord's (dark blue)] footprints. Looks like you've found all five. Eight horizontally, and four vertically, with [La-Mulana script (dark blue)] inside. It's safe to assume that this represents some kind of order.

Alsedana:

Ah, you're back. It seems you've defeated the Guardian of Valhalla (dark blue). Did anything strange happen? Did you see some sort of reddish-black mist? That is the source of the conflict itself, and the physical embodiment of the entity causing Eg-Lana to be eternally embroiled in war. It come from dissonacne (dark blue), which has been building up for centuries while the various races fight amongst themseles. The warring races must be relieved of this dissonance, or Eg-Lana cannot be sealed off. Even those still remaining within Eg-Lana no longer know why they continue to fight. The original causes of these wars differ from race to race. We need to find the [cause of the wars between the five remaining races (dark blue)] or we won't be able to find the source of the negativity. I know you probably don't want to hear this, but... It is only you, the 8th Children, free from the memory of the Mother, who can accomplish this. Take this with you. The [Fairy Queen (light blue)] told me that you can use this to absorb the dissonance. I've grown weary from all this talk... Please excuse me, I'd like to rest.

Eg-Lana must be sealed off. Long, long ago, when the Mother -- La-Mulana itself -- fell to this planet, it wanted to return to the sky. However, it's child -- Eg-Lana, born here in this land -- has no such desire. We don't know when it will use its power to destroy us. Mankind must not be forced to live under the fear of destruction. We must strive to improve ourselves, and press on toward the unknown future.

Yggdrasil: 

left room near top: origin seal

The path protecting the beast goddess [Sekhnet (red)], is protected by [five mantras (blue)]. A path woven of five mantras.

[Skuld's Root (blue)] continues towards the future. [Ratatoskr (red)] gnaws on the roots, before heading to the treetop.

Scanning software on the mural above the rotating platform

Top right: birth seal room above gate (got)

Bottom left: origin seal (got)

You, who would stop time. [Light (blue)] will be bestowed on you if you prove you have the power worthy of it

Hole for stick in top left (got)

(6th Lokapala) The seeking blue light sears flesh. Rejecting all life. [Cold steel (green)] alone may pass unscathed.

(5th Amarna) The golden rock. Stores the [power of the stars (dark blue)].

(6th Lokapala) Take note of the branches growing from Yggdrasil. The areas branching off beyond a gate. Those who fight and those who protect alike are ensealed within.

(6th Lokapala) Power is ensealed within Yggdrasil by mantras (dark blue). Yggdrasil leads they who can harness the 10 mantras. Leads the holder of the Djed (green), to "the End".

(6th Lokapala) Welcome, denizens of the Mother's world. This is the world of fools at constant war. A land of battle destined for ruin. Are you the harbinger of ruin? Or did you simply flow in on the tide? You pitiful one, who will never know freedom from struggle.

(6th Alfr) Ye who seek the icy treetop, acquire the power to surpass Nidhogg (red). Only those who swing around the icy pillar will reach the icy treetop. The branch lands of the 3rd Children, who were punished for imitating the Mother's power, lie beyond.

(6th Aesir) The Vanir (light blue), who sought to destroy the great Mother's world. Exiled to this land, the branches of Eg-Lana, wherein they were sealed. The Vanir must not be awakened. They are the negative counterparts we birthed.

Divine Fortress:

Scan close to entrance from Yggdrasil's Roots

Origin Seal on Hermod's room (got)
Origin seal: left of grailstone (got)

Birth seal: bottem left (got)

[Liquor (green)] passed down by a [Lokapala (blue)] sage. Our hidden treasure that allows one to escape death but once. If you seek it, you must make the climb by Odin's side. Keep the deity's words on your lips as you make for the great cup.

(6th Vanir) The lord sits on the true throne and incants "[Fire (blue)], rain upon the [earth (blue)]"

("Underworld") Gondul, maiden custodian of the [golden wings (blue)]. Svafa, maiden custodian of the [glove of power (blue)].

Thor: [Jormungand (red)] is the master of serpents. He has been sealed away in the place known as the [Immortal Battlefield (blue)]. Revive the water surrounding the world and use the [golden key (green)] to call upon him. // I, too, once attempted to defeat him, but was no match for the serpent's power. You will struggle unless you borrow the [power of the birds (blue)] moved by a golden key.

Thor: That hammer, Mjolnir (green), was once my own weapon. I have lost my powers, so you are now more worthy of brandishing it. However, it's grip was made too short, and it is yet incomplete. While it cannot be reforged, if you were able to borrow the power of one who can control storms as I can, then you may be able to harness its full power. The lightning shot from it would never fail to hit its mark. Somewhere there is one like me, who can [control storms (dark blue)]. Borrow their power. Only then may you harness the full power of Mjolnir.

Skogal and Reginlief, maiden custodians of the [rustic and repurposed (blue)].

(6th Aesir) [Valhalla (dark blue)], where the souls of warriors gather. Where there are twelve thrones, rafters of spear shafts, and a roof thatched of shields.

Hermod: I have entered the Underworld (dark blue) before. If you are to travel to the Underworld, then I shall teach you what I once learned from Modgud (light blue): "Fire (dark blue) erupting from the earth (dark blue), stretches towards the Sun (dark blue)". Incant this before Garm (dark blue), who will block your path.

Tyr: The trickster of Yggdrasil had three children. I cannot fathom why such monsters would be born from one of our race. Each of these three monsters was driven away to the land of Yggdrasil. The wolf, Fenrir (red), was sealed off in a lake of frost. Jormungand (red), the serpent, was sunk to the bottom of the waters surrounding the world. And Hel (red), half of whose body has decayed, was driven to the Underworld.

(6th Aesir) That is the medicine of the eternal life, sought after by countless deities. A gift of paradise, it restores life after death. "The horn blast of the End () disappears into the wind () of they who wish () for eternity ()". "Night () continues for eternity (), toward the [Child's road ()] left by the Mother ()". (x8 dark blue)

Valhalla:

Origin seal: below entrance from Divine Fortress (got)
Origin seal: right of grail (got)

There is a hidden means of binding to an Ankh. The fate of those who bury their soul within an Ankh is tied to its Guardian.

[Dissonance (blue)] lingers where Children of the same seed are in conflict. When the calamity that governs conflict disappears, dissonance will be released. Ane the [stone with a face (green)] swallows it.

(6th Alfr) Do not touch the [spiraling light (blue)]. It will burn anything not born of this land to cinders.

(1st Anunnaki) Shiva sits in the heavens, from which he drops the light that burns the land below. Vishnu sits in the heavens, from which he watches the land below. The two gods fall from heaven over an old conflict. Leaving behind [Brahma (dark blue)], who is relocated to one of Yggdrasil's branches. The primeval entity of many heads and arms, who watches over this world of his creation.

Hoenir: The [Trickster of Yggdrasil (light blue)] is said to have been created from the life force known as [Jotun (red)], which is said to bring the destruction of Eg-Lana. At some point, he managed to slip into our race. I do not know what he was after, but he continued to cause disaster. By the time we noticed, it was too late. It was no time for the [Aesir (light blue)] and the [Vanir (light blue)] to be fighting. We should have destroyed him first.

Hoenir: There was once a sage among our race known as Mimir (light blue). His wisdom served to help both the Aesir and the Vanir. But in the midst of war, his head was cut off and discarded in the [Shrine of the Frost Giants (dark blue)]. It is said that even now, his head continues to protect the well of [sacred wine of wisdom (green)].

Earth Spear puzzle (got):
Roots top left
Valhalla: low left
War area: left of entrance

Annwfn:
Birth seal (got):
Bootom left in water corner
Right of glove chest

(6th Lokapala): Those who seek the [golden key(green)] must first obtain the power to cling to walls.

(6th Alfr) Ye who holds the 7th Children's figurine. Unto your Holy Grail we shall bestow memories anew.

[Kujata (red)] slumbers amid a Sea of Chaos. You must possess a [ship (green)] to cross the Sea of Chaos. A ship of the Dwarf siblings [Brokkr (light blue)] and [Eitri's (light blue)] creation.

(5th Amarna) The [golden rock (blue)] keeps the [Crystal (green)] from ascending to Heaven. It will pass to the hand with the mark of life.

"Annwfn Feathercross Room Stone Tablet": (6th Alfr) Ye who seek power. Invoke the power of [earth (blue)].

Mural looks like a fairy, left of rainbow bridge

(6th Alfr) The [Fairy King's Mausoleum (dark blue)] lies ahead. The resting place of the [Alfr (blue)] king who foresaw Eg-Lana's future.

Frey: My most powerful weapon is no more. [Gerd (light blue)] stole my heart so thoroughly that I gave it to her as tribute. If one as powerful as you were to take hold of the [Flame Torque, with the power to control flames (green)]...

Voluspa: Have you spoken with the Fairy King yet? We Alfr are attempting to prevent the End, in which the [Mother (dark blue)] would use her power to destroy the world. However, with the Mother's bonds over us still strong, we cannot carry out this plan on our own. If you do not wish to see the end of the world itself, then please, help us. I shall call forth the Ankh of the Guardian of Annwfn.

Freya: The fairies found in the La-Mulana ruins were created using the Tree of Life, based on the fairy race of the 6th Children. There are a few fairies remaining in Eg-Lana, and I've heard that they have been captured by other races. I just pray that they are safe.

Ye who seek the [feather (green)] to carry them to the high lands. Traverse the Corridor of Blood and reach the Dark Star beyond.

(6th Alfr) You must possess the [golden key (green)]. The power of storms rests in the belly of the Great Serpent, [Jormungand (red)].

(6th Alfr) Bear a [cog (green)] at the Pit of Time. The flow of time will run, leading to the path of its stilling.

(6th Alfr) [Eg-Lana (dark blue)] forms the body of the Original Child. The [Lokapala (light blue)] schemed to control Eg-Lana at their whim. But they were opposed by another race -- us. We of the [Alfr (light blue)] are loyal to the Fairy King, [Frey (light blue)].

(6th Alfr) The more powerful of the Alfr possess the gift of clairvoyance. Their efforts to preserve their prophecy for Eg-Lana test the limits of their defiance against the Mother's influence.

(6th Alfr) The Titan race of the 2nd Children was wiped out. Their only remaining traces are their lands in the branches. Set sail, and you will be guided to the Shrine of the Frost Giants.

(6th Alfr) Heimdall (red) will watch over the End from his perch atop the Rainbow Bridge. He will demonstrate his power when, and only when, the End begins. The blast of Heimdall's horn will mark the beginning of Yggdrasil's end.

Fairy Queen:

Some of the Alfr, including myself and several seeresses, had the power to see the future. The stone tablets you see around Eg-Lana are the remnants of our plan to seal away the Mother, which was based on these powers. However there are some tablets that have existed there since long before we constructed ours. If we knew which race wrote the inscriptions, they would be easier to decipher.

Immortal Battlefield:

War area: bottom left-ish: a bomb-able area? makes the bomb noise (probably just a totem shooter)

Present the 12 [skulls (blue)]. The Master Skull will impart the secrets of Eg-Lana unto you.

There are two sigils that are hidden by falling water. Check the back of the three-eyed waterfall. (done)

Jormungald's Seal: center room, down 5L big mural of Palenque (?) holding Pochette Key

(5th Amarna) There are no tablets recording the [Dark Star Lord's (blue)] footprints. Trace his footprints in the lands of the Dark Star. There [Ra (light blue)]'s servant [Sekhmet (red)] guards [Aten's Room (blue)] and the [Room of Judgement (blue)].

(6th Lokapala): A path leading outside. However, it leads to a fall off a precipice. So that none may escape.

There's a red chest in the cavern... very odd. (outfit chest)

(1st Kotoamatsu) Virtue is measured akin to a number of ox hooves.

The [infernal fiend (blue)] bites into the neck of the [colossal dragon (blue)]. Thus binding the two together.

Believe.

Acquire the illuminating ring of power (DONE: was chakram trap room)

(1st Anunnaki) There are as many [Mala Prayer Beads (blue)] as worldly desires. The beads weave together those whose desires drive them to [fight (blue)] tirelessly. Even after their [lives (blue)] are exhausted.

Here the moon rises. Speak to that effect (from the Fire area entrance, then all the way left).

Yama: Would you rise to the challenge of the [Underworld (blue)]? It is known as the [Eternal Prison (blue)], as it is the place where sinners were once jailed for all eternity. You will not be able to reach [Hel (red)] without knowledge of the correct path. But I know another path. Cross the [River Styx (blue)] with a [small key (blue)] in hand. Then move on to [Gnipahellir (blue)]. You shall receive a weapon that will do you great service if you are to traverse the Underworld.

Soma: Do you know of [Nibiru (dark blue)]? Nibiru is said to be the paradise inhabited by those who came down from the skies. Those who came down from the skies called themselves the [Anunnaki (blue)] (mispelled as Annunaki). It was they who bestowed mankind with knowledge long, long ago. Nibiru is said to be on the other side of the Dark Star.

(6th Alfr) There exists a gate to the [Spiral Boat (dark blue)]. A gate sealed by nine souls. Somewhere within Eg-Lana.

(6th Lokapala) Ye who seek to open the flood gates. Know that this water-locked land's awakening will also be the Great Serpent's. When water of Yggdrasil's roots flows through these lands, the Great Serpent shall be raised, and all paths will come alive.

Kubera: Oh, that is a [Chakram (green)]. I created that. No one else in Eg-Lana can make these. But I am unable to make many. There are only twelve remaining in Eg-Lana. Do not lose them.

Kubera: Do you know the place called Takamagahara (dark blue)? Is is the land of exile for the [1st Children (dark blue)], those who have lived in Eg-Lana since time immemorial. The fools are barking about fighting against those who [come from the sky (light blue)]. Even more foolishly, they have erected a fortress around their home so that none may enter. Without the means to dig below, one cannot meet with them.

Light of Time (shining on frozen NPC): A machine that is perpetually illuminated by an equally perpetual engine that leverages the power of the ruins. It appears to be used to keep the person within the room sealed there.

(6th Lokapala) The Amarna (light blue) were a race of 5th Children who meddled in the arcane mysteries of life and death in hopes of escaping the Mother's influence. The Ennead (light blue) fight tirelessly to keep them sealed. The Amarna and the Ennead are exiled behind the [Gate of the Dead (dark blue)]. Wherein the light of souls keeps them sealed.

Mulbruk:

Pink, wavy barrier? What are you talking about? Is that even a thing? It sounds so cute! Um... According to these materials, there are [clothes (green)] that will protect you. Like, clothes that let you move up through the sky. Anyway, these clothes protect you from lots of stuff.

[Unmelting ice (dark blue)] in the Shrine of the Frost Giants? Hmm... According to these materials... It says you can melt it by heating it up! Hm? How to melt it? There's a way. Some kinda machine. That's what it says.

So there's an enemy that can't be taken out with weapons? Hmm. So you have to defeat it in a way that doesn't involve weapons, huh? Like, you have to solve a riddle first. Or you have to attack it mentally, maybe. Or maybe you have to squash it?

[Yuga Ring (dark blue)]? Is that a new technique you learned or something? Like "rolling" or "drilling" or something? So placing a [Weight (green)] will cause spikes to pop up? Like, no matter what? According to these materials, it says that the spikes won't pop up if they're placed on the correct ages.

You've been down here in the ruins for awhile [sic] now, huh? Can you at least read the texts in the ruins? Each character used for numerals in the texts in La-Mulana had its own meaning, you know. They're written on the sigils (green) you have, too. Check it out. That pattern-looking stuff drawn on the Origin Seal. That's "1" in La-Mulana numerals. // "1" is "Origin (dark blue)", "2" is "Birth (dark blue)", "3" is "Life (dark blue)", and "4" is "Death (dark blue)". And... I forgot the rest.

Fire area:

(5th Amarna:) The secret hidden by the golden rock. Hidden behind the wall pinned by the [golden rock (blue)]. (image)

(6th Lokapala) Sing, bird of prey, beauty begins at the foot of you. Gaze upon that foot.

There is a tool that allows you to latch onto walls. Simply by stretching out your hand and taking grasp. With it, you could swing around a pillar polished to a mirror sheen.

If it is the flow of water you wish to defy, the treasure of the dwarves will serve.

Mural: A stone statue thought to be of Ymir, the Norse mythology proto-being. The myths tell of how he was defated by his own children, how the world came to be from his dissected body parts, and how dwarves corresponding to the four cardinal points held his skull aloft, creating the sky.

(3rd Olympian) Water flows from the eye of [Chaos (blue)]. It watches the conflict between angel and demon and weeps at the disparity in power.

(6th Lokapala) The heated waters of the plains gush with power. The power to surpass the body's limits. The power to erase stabbing pain. The power to ease that which leaves the hand.

(6th Lokapala) The God of Prosperity, [Ganesha (blue)]. Those who possess the [talisman (green)] of Ganesha's protection will be blessed with prosperity.

Hint stone in Modgud's area that requires double jump (got it)

(6th Alfr) Incant [words (blue)] in the midst of the ominous, twisting swelter. The two words that will illumine day and night. That will lead to [Underworld Gate (blue)], where [Vidofnir (red)] waits.

Mulbruk about hint above: Vidopnoor? Oops. That's hard to pronounce! So you need to defeat him, but don't know where he is? I saw a related stone tablet somewhere! It was sort of like the tip of a treetop. Yggdrashil in Eg-Lana is upside-down, so... that means it'd be at the very bottom!

SUS AF pot + sound in fire atrea bottom

Sinmara: The power stolen from the [Fairy King (blue)] is mine. The power to control flame lies in [Surtr's Room (dark blue)]. If you desire this power, then bring me a [shining scythe (green)]. Then I shall allow you to enter Surtr's Room.

Modgud: To reach [Hel (red)], you must first enter the [Eternal Prison (dark blue)]. To enter the Eternal Prison, you must defeat the terrible bird [Vidofnir (red)]. To defeat Vidofnir, you will need the [power of flame (green)]. (Scythe there from the Ennead NPC). Is is said that a [Underworld Deity of the Ennead (light blue)] possesses the Light Scythe is held within the Eternal Prison.

Modgud: The further one goes into the depths of the [Eternal Prison (dark blue)], the harder it becomes to return as each gate passed through closes. If you find yourself truly locked between the gates, then you will have no recourse but to give up. The Underworld welcomes the dead with open arms.

(8th KS) The World Tree, Yggdrasil has three main roots. I found entrances at the end of two of the roots but I am unable to find anything at the end of the third root. Are the old texts incorrect about the third root leading to the land of the dead?

(6th Lokapala) There is a talisman (green) that can uncurse treasure. A red jewel, the only of its kind in this world. A jewel of the reddest red, representing the Mother's life.

(1st Anunnaki) Brahma (dark blue) asked Atum (dark blue), "What is creation?" Atum answered by assuming the form of a green snake, before leaving for battle. "Creation is fighting to protect."

(6th Alfr) Ratatoskr (red) slumbers. Trace the illusion's path, and seal it. Then, the true body will awaken.

(6th Alfr) Ratatoskr (red) flits between Yggdrasil's roots and treetop. But its body is an illusion. Its true body lies in the Underworld (dark blue).

Inanna: When my sister Ereshkigal (light blue) controlled the Underworld (dark blue), I sought her counsel. I was told that the throne of the Underworld could be reached by passing through the seven gates behind Neti (light blue) the gatekeeper. But with each Underworld gate I passed, I lost one of my possessions. After losing everything in my possession and reaching my sister, I was punished for entering the Underworld living. My sister no longer sits upon the throne, so I cannot say what will happen if youn pass through the gates now. But if you have nothing to be taken when you pass through the gates, then you will be given death. Do you understand? When you pass through the [seven gates (dark blue)], you must reach the throne, lest your actions be rendered meaningless. The order by which you must pass through the seven gates of the Underworld changes with each new ruler. Therefore the order which I know would be meaningless. Seek out Neti (light blue), the Underworld gatekeeper. While the ruler may have changed, Neti should still possess some knowledge of the correct order.

Ancient Chaos:

The altar of worship to Echidna lies in her lands, the lands of the Mother.

(1st Kotoamatsu) The path of blood leads to the Underworld (dark blue). A dangerous pitfall, Fallandaforad (dark blue). At the bottom of its maw waits Hraesvelgr, the devourer of corpses.

(Underworld) [Gnipahellir (dark blue)], the path from depths of the Underworld to even greater depths. There rests the guard dog [Garm (dark blue)]. It stands at the ready for a spinner of words.

(1st Kotoamatsu) Do not becry that you do not have what you wish for. What you wish for exists precisely because there is nothing. It is that which cannot be seen by the impatient.

(1st Anunnaki) The poisonous lava will melt even the [Ice Cloak (green)]. Brave it with garb (green) that will withstand any heat.

(1st Anunnaki) At night, the malicious spirit of Ki-sikil-lil-la-ke (red) haunts. Her blue servant and her red servant administer punishment (the bird girl miniboss?)

(1st Anunnaki) The two [blue beasts (dark blue)]. If one is angered one shall close. If both are angered, wisdom will be imparted. (Pretty sure I did this under the Ancient Chaos grailstone.)

Pangu: Our master is the Anunnaki (light blue) king. He is Anu (red), who came from the skies. His majesty keeps him from being touched by ground-dwellers.

Zhuanxu: He who does not pray to Anu (red) cannot call upon Anu. Offer [three prayers (dark blue)] lest your prayers fail to reach Anu.

(1st Anunnaki) There is nothing here. (I think this might refer to the NPC who just steals your money and weights)

(2nd Titan) [Mimir's well (dark blue)] is the well of [divine liquor (green)]. Grant the Mother's () wish with a howl () for that which is missing () (dark blue x3).

(5th Ennead) The morning light turns his body to stone. That [light is etched by the ticking of time (dark blue)]. So henceforth, until the day of light etched by the ticking of time is erased. Alviss (light blue) will sleep.

(1st Kotoamatsu) The mythical beast Anzu (red) hides its form. It waits for the one who can clear the [spiraling light (dark blue)].

(1st Anunnaki) The [Padma Lotus (dark blue)] begets blessing. But blessings will not grace those for whom life (dark blue) is tangled with chaos (dark blue).

(1st Anunnaki) Accept Brahma's (dark blue) four trials. The four faces are a means to see the four ages. Place the correct offering in the correct hand for the correct age. Then, Yggdrasil's all shall be revealed.

(1st Anunnaki) The Sky People, the Anunnaki (light blue), arrived on Nibiru (dark blue). They arrived in a land where people could not live. Among pure chaos, where neither air nor water existed.

Malice:

(6th Alfr): [Scream (blue)] in the room where [Echidna (red)] is worshipped. Make you [wishes (blue)] heard.

(3rd Gigas): The 11 children await down three paths. [Echidna (red)] will awaken when all three paths have been conquered.

(3rd Gigas): [Bergelmir (blue)] the giant rules over the world of frost. When the [earth (blue)] and [moon (blue)] are seen in [Heaven (blue)], he shall awaken.

(3rd Olympian): The [cog (green)] of ancient times lies with the twins. It will be revealed by the accumulated power of ancient storms.

(1st Anunnaki): [Anzu (red)], the lord of beasts that stops time. Anzu's power is lost only when time is frozen. They who can harness time will acquire the [Destiny Tablet (green)], proof of the [Dark Star Lord (blue)].

Eurytus: I know the secrets of the Underworld. In the Underworld, there is a ferryman called Charon. He was once punished for allowing a living poet to cross into the Underworld because he was moved by the poet's harp. And for a single coin, he will take you across the river.

(1st Anunnaki) The [Kali Yuga (dark blue)] is the [age of steel (dark blue)] now blunted. The age where virtue disappeared, replaced by conflict and despair.

(1st Anunnaki) Anzu (red), the lord of beasts that stops time. Anzu's power is lost only when time is frozen. They who can harness time will acquire the [Destiny Tablet (green)], proof of the [Dark Star Lord (dark blue)].

(Underworld) The hidden relic of several generations sleeps in the [Eternal Prison (dark blue). Hidden treasures sealed by a [secret key (dark blue)]. (Key fairy)

(3rd Gigas) We sealed Echidna (red) with our power. If you seek the power to destroy Echidna, defeat the 11 children. The cog (green) will reawaken this land.

Dark Lord:

Next to the "hold it high" chest, weird wall with bomb sound when whipped

(5th Amarna) The contents of the chest go to the one who already holds them high. (was a crystal skull)

Maat's ritual measures the weight of one's heart. Sins must weigh balanced against [Maat's feather (green)]. The body must be innocent, free of excess. Hearts that do not balance the scales will be devoured by [Ammit (blue)].

The [Eternal Prison (blue)], the Underworld. A land that is part Doom, and part Gloom. Doom that will destroy even flame. It is a land too hostile to bear for a flame-bearer.

(6th Vanir) The [mantra of fire (green)] represents battle. It rests at the [Fire Altar (blue)] of the land where warriors gather.

(1st Anunnaki) [Treta Yuga (blue)], the [age of silver (blue)]. When virtue declined and people came to lean on ceremony.

(5th Amarna) At the peak of the [Dark Star Lord's Pyramid] lies the [Benben stone (blue)]). A throne where the recognized lord of the Dark Star is permitted to sit. The lord with Heaven's mandate will arrive at [Nibiru (blue)], at skies distanct.

(5th Amarna) The power of the [feather (green)] held by the Dark Star Lord. The power to reach ever-greater heights. It will pass to those who can harness the power of storms, and clear the corridor.

(5th Amarna) The [Dark Star Lord's Pyramid (blue)] is a means of obtaining the power of the sky. Only those who have acquired the Dark Star Lord's power will be permitted to enter.

(5th Amarna) The Dark Star Lord could harness storms.

(5th Amarna) We will forfeit the earth for the power of Heaven. We will rise to the sky by way of the [Dark Star Lord's Pyramid (blue)]

(5th Amarna) Obtain the crystal (green) that enseals a pyramid. Then, all hidden in this land shall be revealed. The truth of the pyramid will be exposed.

(1st Anunnaki) The power left by the [Sky People (light blue)] is hidden amid an [Ancient Chaos (dark blue)]. It is the manifestation of the power that will destroy Eg-Lana.

Judgement will be rendered before Maat. To be prepared for judgement is to have a wicked heart. An innocent hearts knows no wickedness. An innocent heart can balance the scales. The undead Ammit will render the judgement.

Amunet: An inquisitive mind is power in itself. Having already pursued the heavens, life, and death, what else lies ahead of us? It was for the purpose of answering this very question that Ra (light blue) embarked on his endeavors. People should not have to live their entire lives under the ground as we do. We need to leave this place.

(Snapshot tablet) A crystal (green) that enseals a pyramid form. The [Destiny Tablet (green)], proof of the Dark Star Lord. You, who have assembled them both, speak words (green) of fealty to the Dark Star Lord. Offer a crystal at the pedestal of prayer. The Dark Star Lord's Pyramid will respond to the lord.

(5th Amarna) The [Pyramid Crystal (green)] restrains the power of the stars. It wrecks havoc on that which hides the power of the Dark Star.

(5th Amarna) The lord of the sky looks down upon the [Dark Star Lord's Pyramid]. Awaiting the birth of a new Dark Star Lord. Testing whether they will be able to reach the ends of the Dark Star.

(5th Amarna) Ammit (red), the monster that feasts on souls. It hides in a garden (dark blue), cloaked by the power of the stars.

Nun: Seeking power, we attempted to move closer to the [Sky People (dark blue)]. However, we did so not knowing how it would benefit us. We know that only a sage able to harness the power of the [Dark Star Lord (dark blue)] and smart enough to be able to gather all of the wisdom left in Eg-Lana shall have knowledge bestowed upon them.

Nun: We [5th Children (light blue)] were not born from clay as your people were. Therefore, while our bodies may wither and die, our minds do not know death. There is an Underworld (dark blue) where minds beregy of bodies live on. The world is known as the [Eternal Prison (dark blue)], and it lies in the deepest depth of Eg-Lana. While eras and generations may change, one is always selected from each generation of Children to rule over the Underworld. The Underworld deity chosen from amonmg our people is called Osiris (light blue). Begrudged by his own brother, he was killed, but was then brought back to life through a ceremony fo renascence performed by his sisters, Isis () and Nephthys (x2 light blue).

Shop by the Corridor of Blood entrance: Rose and Camellia, ammunition

Frost:

This is the destroyed branch. It has no counterpart.

(2nd Titan) [Badhbh Cath (red)], the raven of war. Part of the queen of demons, [Morrigan (red)]. Part the red-haired [Macha (red)]. And yet part the venomous [Nemain (red)]. When the trio of goddesses combine their power, Badhbh Cath shall appear.

Life is begotten of the cold soil. The [Birth Sigil (green)] lies in the depths of deep, deep snow.

A pillar created with stones in a webbed pattern were [sic] built here in this land where the winds rage. However it's easily breakable. It's hollow, so one would be able to climb inside from where the pillar was broken.

The giant [Bergelmir (blue)] supports the world of frost. His awakening will melt even the eternal wall of ice.

From [Balor's (red)] back erupt the seeds of hellfire.

The dissonance of the 2nd Children lies squarely on the Unforgivable Sinner [Sakit's (light blue)] shouldners. His unforgivable sin was to slay one of his own, bringing about the destruction of his race.

Thrmyr: The language of the giants is apparently very close to our own. However due to their enormous stature, our ears cannot make out their words. I've heard there is a [flute (green)] that makes their words intelligible to us.

(Anunnaki) That which is correct goes unscathed. That which is mistaken receives justice by sword.

(2nd Titan) The supernatural being [Balor (red)] awaits beyond the eternally frozen sealed lands. Balor keeps guard over the garb handed down by the [Anunnaki (light blue)]. Those who don the must pass the [pillar of swirling light (blue)], for then neither heat nor cold shall ail them.

(1st Anunnaki) The [Veda Texts (blue)] constitute a belief system. One belief is that when we reach [death (blue)], we will return to [water (blue)].

(1st Anunnaki) The [Destiny Tablet (green)] is the proof of dominion handed down by the Sky People. The [Anunnaki (light blue)] lord [Anu (red)] set the fierce beast [Anzu (red)] to guard it.

Gerd: The [Fairy King (light blue)], in love and enamored with me, passed his own weapon onto me. However I have no use for a [weapon that controls flame (green)]. Once I let it go, a woman named [Sinmara (light blue)] took it away.

Gerd: There are six gates in Eg-Lana known as the [Corridor of Blood (dark blue)]. The star-like decorations above the gates can be turned by dissonance (dark blue). Turning the gates will change the place to which the Corridor of Blood leads. All I know is that this was the work of the [Sky People (light blue)], who visited this land long, long ago.

Takamagahara:

Kami-musubi: We [Kotoamatsu (light blue)] are at war with the [Anunnaki (light blue)], the [Sky People (light blue)]. The Anunnaki are attempting to take over our world. This is no time for the various Children to be fighted against each other. However, no one here will heed my words. So I have decided to hide here and barricade myself behind multiple walls.

Kami-musubi: We were once ruled over by one known as Takemikazuchi (light blue). He controlled the power of storms and shook the earth. Now his body has been destroyed, and he is worshipped in a separate part of Takamagahara.

(1st Kotoamatsu) [Daji (red)], the wielder of the nine tails. The time during which you may do battle is limited. Daji waits in the Execution Room.

(1st Anunnaki) [Satya Yuga (dark blue)] is the [gold age (dark blue)]. When all virtue is overflowing.

(3rd Olympian) The Olympic Guardian, the [Griffin (red)]. Overcome the falling Griffin statue and disrupt the ring.

(1st Anunnaki) [Brahma (dark blue)] asked [Chaos (dark blue)], "What is creation?" Chaos responded only by existing, "Creation is simply floating in the [purple (dark blue)] darkness."

(6th Vanir) In [Valhalla (dark blue)] are 12 thrones worthy of the lords. But there is only one throne for the true lord. There the Vanir's hidden relic, the [Knowledge from the Sky (green)] sleeps.

(1st Kotoamatsu) The significant mechanism imparted by the Sky People is operated by trifling power. That of the [Ancient Cog (green)]. Hold it up to a hole carved into a wall.

(3rd Olympian) The labyrinth of the winged. Wherein the [Celestial Disk (dark blue)] is housed. A response will be given to the [word that represents Heaven (dark blue)].

Shopkeeper: Mekuri software

(3rd Olympian) Where is this?

(Underworld) Amenowakahiko's (light blue) departed wife finds her husband after death. Or rather, a beast of destruction from the Underworld (dark blue) does in her form. A beast that dwells beyong the false gate.

(1st Kotoamatsu) [Takemikazuchi's Room (dark blue)] lies beyond.

(1st Kotoamatsu) From the foot of the wall, toward the sigil (confident this was the Crystal Skull chest)

Izanagi: I went down to the Underworld (dark blue) to see my dead wife. However those who have fallen to the Underworld cannot attain life again. Trembling with terror at the sight of my horribly decayed wife, I sealed off one of the entrances to the Underworld. It lies at the end of a long, long [path to the bottom of the earth (dark blue)]. To break the seal, chant the words of my mantas: Sun (), moon, (), and sea () (dark blue x3). Wait. If you are to venture to the Underworld, find the mirror (green). Within this mirror, made from polished bronze and infused with prayer, lies the power to illuminate the true path. This mirror will allow you to find the gate from which you can leave the Underworld.

Izanagi: I see you have the [Crystal Skulls (green)]. Those were created by the [Sky People (light blue)], the Anunnaki (light blue), and are said to act as the keys to great knowledge. It is said that on each Skull is recorded the plans of the Anunnaki. Be careful with them.

(1st Kotoamatsu) Bear the [small key (dark blue)]. The secret will be laid bare.

(1st Anunnaki) Daji (red) hides the Egg of Creation. The god of creation Brahma's dialogues on the nature of creation. The sight of the egg will stir recollection. And the god will speak again.

Amenotokotachi: [Takamagahara Shrine (dark blue)] was used to seal away the [Sky People (light blue)], the Anunnaki (light blue). However its power has waned, and now their soldiers are making their way here. Be especially cautious of the one called Daji (red), with the power of the chimera. He also guards the machine of knowledge, and the item known as the [Egg of Creation (green)], which he hides on his person.

Amenotokotachi: We Kotoamatsu (light blue) only sealed away the Anunnaki (light blue). We have no intention of fighting them. The Anunnaki themselves are the dissonance of the [1st Children (light blue)]. But they are also the [Sky People (dark blue)]. Behind this branch, in the [Ancient Chaos (dark blue)], are the other 1st Children like us, but who have been turned into Anunnaki soldiers. The Anunnaki themselves are said to reside in the sky. What you seek may not be here in this branch.

(1st Kotoamatsu) The breath that Takemikazuchi (dark blue) left is ablaze. Though it will be swept away by proof of the time of creation.

(1st Anunnaki) The noble Sky People, the Anunnaki (light blue). Divine reckoning will be dealt to those who dare to harm them.

Amano-Iwato Shitateruhime: Ajisukitakahikone (red) is said to take the form of those who appear before him. Once a member of our race, he was a wise man with the ability to control storms (dark blue). But I have heard that upon falling to the Underworld, he lost his storm powers. He may even be especially susceptible to storms now.

(1st Kotoamatsu) The nine eyes will not overlook opposition. They will tolerate standing before the object of your desires, and that alone. (Was this the basement in Ancient Chaos?)

Gate of the Dead:

(5th Ennead) The [Gate of the Dead (dark blue)] was created to seal the Amarna (light blue). It leverages mystic Ennead (light blue) means to warp space. It connects the warped space of the [Red Gate (dark blue)].

(5th Ennead) You must be in the right space or the task at hand will not work to your favor.

Thoth: Each generation of Children has been sealed off into the branches to ensure that they do not allow their respective wars to spill over into the outside world. They were sealed away long, long ago, but now, a race of the [6th Children (light blue)] known as the [Lokapala (light blue)] have taken control of Yggdrasil. We have no intention of leaving this place, either. If you plan to seal off Eg-Lana, then I will tell you this: Many things in Eg-Lana have been sealed off with the power of mantras. Most of the powerful mantras are hidden. I know the words used to call upon the mantra of the moon. The word is "Sun" (dark blue), the moon's opposite.

Thoth: I have heard tales of a map (dark blue) containing the locations of all of the mantras. It is said that the location of mantras still lying dormant glow red on this map.

Thoth: Since we 5th Children were of smaller stature than out predecessors, we are know as dwarves (light blue) in Eg-Lana. Back when then power sealing the branches was still weak, there were several dwarves who were able to leave this place. Once of them, Alviss (light blue), was even wiser than I. But those of us who have spent so long living underground are vulnerable to strong light. We are rendered immobile, unless the light is like the blue shadowed light here at the Gate of the Dead.

(5th Ennead) The treasure created by dwarven blacksmiths. The mechanism to it is hidden by the dwarves.

(5th Ennead) One, and one alone, survives. (probably refers to vaj puzzle)

(5th Amarna) The answer does not lie with a single footprint.

Nephthys: The Underworld deity of the [5th Children (light blue)] is known as Osiris (light blue). He is a pitiful figure who became embroiled in war and was subsequently banished to the Underworld (dark blue). I have heard that now he is made to guard the secret treasures lying deep down within the Underworld. I, too, once entered the Underworld (dark blue). I went for the purpose of using our secret techniques to restore Osiris (light blue) back to life. While there, I heard a story of a [fairy who holds a key (light blue)]. Go further down past the deadly River of the Underworld. I've heard a fairy is being held captive there.

Nephthys: We Ennead (light blue) and our enemies, the Amarna (light blue), were originally of the same race. We split apart due to vastly differing visions for the future. This caused even some families to split into warring factions. My brother Set (light blue) now considers me an enemy as well. He is a violent man. You should stay away from him.

Amen: We [5th Children (light blue)] wanted for too much; power over death, a pyramid that would reach the heavens, and a pyramid that would fall down to Earth for the purpose of entering into a contract with demons. It would not be a surprise should people with such ambition seek to attain power greater than even that of the Mother. It was the Amarna (light blue), led by Ra (light blue), who sought such power. Nother happened, as if time itself had stopped here in Eg-Lana. Then, several years ago, various wars began to stir. This was also when Ra began to act. Like him, I, too, control the sun. It may be I whom Ra seeks to turn into a chimera...

(5th Ennead) Set (light blue), who was run out of the Ennead, holds sway over the earth. While he may have left these lands, his voice rumbles like thunder.

(5th Ennead) Destroy the false tablet.

(5th Ennead) The [Dark Star Lord's Mauseleum (dark blue)], the branch in which the Amarna (light blue) reside. The gate that leads there is sealed by four white pedestals. The pedestals levy judgement against those who dare to place things on them. They will only respond to a weight so slight as to go unnoticed.

Isis: So you're going to the Underworld (dark blue). When I visited the Underworld, my brother Osiris was Underworld deity. To gain audience with Osiris, you will have to receive [Maat's judgement (dark blue)]. Present the proof of your judgement to Osiris' servant, Anubis (light blue). To gain audience with Osiris, you must also solve the three riddles given to you by Anubis. This is all I know.

(5th Ennead) The Amarna (light blue) acquired a colossal weapon, Aten (red). From its body, modeled after the sun, sprout many arms, representing the sun. New life is created from these arms.

Horus: We [5th Children (light blue)] received knowledge from the [Sky People (light blue)]. It is the knowledge of the power of the chimera (dark blue), which allows us to combine our bodies with those of other living beings to attain further power. Ra (light blue) is attempting to use this power on his own race. And I have heard that he has used it to break his seals and attain the power to appear here in this land as well. Our power is no longer any match for that of Ra's. Have you come here intending to defeat Ra? // Ra's (light blue) final ambition is his own chimerafication with an enormous weapon. It is a disc-like weapon known as Aten (red), which derives its power from the sun. We 5th Children received it from our ancestors, who received it from the [Sky People (light blue)] before them. It is not known how powerful a chimera comprising a human and this weapon would become. Defeat Ra before this can come to be.

Heaven's Labyrinth:

(3rd Olympian) [Glasya-Labolas' (red)] chicanery is magical. He will use it to pursue his enemies, even in death.

(3rd Olympian) The Gigas (light blue) went down the path of imitating the Mother's power. They were sealed in these lands. Their ensealment is entrusted entirely to [Typhon (dark blue)].

(3rd Olympian) Proceed down the path where backs face each other.

(3rd Olympian) Typhon's (dark blue) slumber is ongoing. So it has been since the gate was sealed by the unruly four pillars. The four pillars of Arachne, Scylla, Griffin, and Glasya-Labolas (4x red).

Hermes: This is [Heaven's Labyrinth (dark blue)]. This is where we [3rd Children, the Olympians (light blue)], have been shut away. But our race is at its end. No one remaining remembers why we were forced here, nor why we continue to fight, since we have entrusted fighting, governing, and everything else to the machine in the room above this one. No one else has the energy any longer, but if you like, I can tell you what you need to know about this place.

Hermes: The 3rd Children's Underworld deity is known as Hades (light blue). However I believe that he has already been driven out by the Underworld deity of another generation of Children.

Hermes: Those behind this branch, known as the gigas (light blue), are demons. They plan to copy our Mother's great power and keep it as their own. It seems that long ago, our ancestors were sent here in order to seal off the Gigas, but... at this point, we no longer have any idea of what we are even meant to do here.

Hermes: It would not be strange to find rooms constructed similarly to those in Eg-Lana within the La-Mulana ruins. It is said that the records of Eg-Lana have been passed onto La-Mulana. However, only "information" has been passed on, so I'm sure the construction of the rooms themselves are at least slightly different.

Hermes: It is true, I was once hailed as a hero. The snaked twins I captured were remnants of the [1st Children (light blue)]. From there, we [3rd Children (light blue)] were able to absorb the culture and civilization of the 1st Children. The achievements of my race were all founded upon my own actions. But I was unable to stop the infighting.

(3rd Olympian) Typhon (dark blue) will awaken by the two lights. The lights will be cast upon two walls. The light-obstrcting walls will accept the light, and Typhon shall awaken.

(3rd Olympian) Within the belly of the crawling [infernal fiend (dark blue).

Orpheus: My harp (green) can bring even those of the Underworld (dark blue) to tears. I once visited the Underworld to see my dead wife. I played her a [song of Paradise (dark blue)].

(1st Anunnaki) [Dvapara Yuga (dark blue)], the [age of copper (dark blue)]. When disaster was wrought from virtue and sin in balance.

Baphomet: If you have no business in this temple, then leave.

(3rd Olympian) Turning once will lead to the priestess (light blue). Turning thrice will lead to the Griffin (red).

(1st Anunnaki) The [five rays of light (dark blue)] are the origin of creation. Move the light, and create.

(3rd Olympian) A vase (green) that stocks the power of storms. Stored in the [Buried Fortress (dark blue)].

Typhon: Computer Memory Bank:
Records of the creation of our Mother clone: Our race, born of chaos, sought the Mother's power. From the remains of a woman of the 1st Children, we attempted to draw out the power to create life itself.
No. 1 Nuwa
We instilled a decayed body with the power of the pyramid, and awaited the manifestation of power. Temporarily imbued with life, the body was able to produce the Spiral of Life. However, it was destroyed in the Tower of Ruin for it lacked even the power to move from the pyramid's base, rendering it useless.
No. 2 Tiamat
While that which was created was much larger than those of our race, it manifested the power to beget life. Eleven inhuman monsters were born. The entity escaped with its offspring to another dimension, by using its dimension bending powers. The plans had been ruined.
No. 3: Echidna
Our final hope, to which we have committed all of our power. Utilizing the fruits of our previous labors, we used the body of one of our own daughters. As with Tiamat, eleven monsters were born, after which they fell into sleep in their larval forms. We shall wait for these children to awaken. We shall wait for the time when they awaken once again to unleash their power. We shall rule over Eg-Lana.
Computer Memory Bank:
The chimera technology acquired from the civilization of the 1st Children: Originally, the technology was used to switch the serpentine legs of the 1st Children with those of a different, bipedal being. Then we developed the technology further to apply the mental capacity of yet another being, providing power superior to that of a human. However, chimerafied beings retain part of Nibiru's consciousness. They become soldiers living for the purpose of fulfilling Nibiru's will -- taking control of the stars, and the sealing of La-Mulana and Eg-Lana.

Baphomet: I am the priestess of this temple. Was it you who awakened Typhon (dark blue)? If you are to travel to the land of the gigas (light blue), the [Hall of Malice (dark blue)], then break down the four pillars of Typhon. Then the seal on the door will open.

Baphomet: This temple is devoted to Chaos (dark blue), who created the world itself out of the chaos from which his name originates. Chaos continues to watch over the history of our race, the [3rd Children (light blue)]. If the army of the angels is victorious, he sheds tears from his left eye, and if the army of demons sees victory, he cries from his right. No tears are shed while both angel and demon turn their backs.

Baphomet: Some time after you last left, [two men (light blue)] came here. After attempting to break that seal on the gate by force, they gave up and tried to dig into the wall instead... I'd prefer not to have you people behaving like that here in our temple.

Baphomet: The younger man started swinging his whip about the moment he saw me. He was extremely rude. Were they friends of yours?

(3rd Olympian) The twins protect an ancient key. The cog (green) that turns the great mechanism. The twins protect a beast's jaw.

(3rd Olympian) What's important is what's inside. Try sitting. Try placing your hand upon it. (This was axe).

Snapshots:
MANTRA software
The Aesir spoke of the scattered stars // Of what is known as "heaven" // Those who seek, must speak // the name of "Himinn"

Sun: The Ennead spoke of searing light endured by the dwarves // Of what is known as the "sun" // Those who seek, must speak // the name of "Sol"

Moon: Those of the Underworld spoke of a circling ring // Of what is known as the "moon" // Those who seek, must speak // the name of "Mani" (green)

Wind: The Alfr spoke of the passage of the invisible // Of what is known as "wind" // Those who seek, must speak // the name of "Vindr (green)"

SEALS:

Birth:
Battliefield: left of the sword bitch
Battlefield: left of lava puzzle (might be yet inaccessible)
Battlefield: b-3, go secret passage from right room
Battlefield: b-5: in the wall I broke
Fire: left then up from grailstone
Frost: map chest room

Life:
Valhalla bottom mid REQUIRES FEATHER
Battlefield: after the little sword bitch
Olympus: left up-ish
Battlefield: from entrance from firetop
Fire: right of Roots gate, up up
Frost: top left of 3-witch boss

Death:
Malice in the fall area
Valhalla under lightning boy boss

Cog:

Immortal Battlefield where we fought the squirrel

Malice where entrance from Heaven is

Takamagahara from Ancient Chaos gate

Monument of Pray:
1) Don't remember
2) Fireworld: center, 2nd
3) Valhalla, screen above Corridor of Blood
4) Underworld, entrance to corridor of blood
5) Awnn: left of poison room
6) Dark Lord bottom right

Colored Chests:
gold: Underworld at Corridor of Blood entrance
red: caverns in Battlefirld
green: fireice

The Alfr Seeress' Prophecy (6th Child Alfr):
Part1
Sound fills the air
Heimdall blows his horn
Yggdrasil shakes
A screech whines from the towering, ancient tree
The Jotun are unleashed.
Heimdall does not sleep
He keeps vigilant watch even through the night as the end encroaches

Part2
Goddesses live in the roots of Yggdrasil
Three goddesses who spin time
The time-spinning goddesses keep the roots of Yggdrasil watered
The spring is forever protected to keep Yggdrasil alive
O, three goddess protectors of Yggdrasil
Don't let the squirrel Ratatoskr get away
No place it visits is to be missing
The foul words of the black dragon Nidhogg that "the water has run out"
Shall reach Hraesvelgr in the treetops

Part 3
The Alfr saw the world of end
The fall of the mighty
Its inhabitants scorched away by conflict
Yddrasil awakens
Saw the red star that grants a wish that is howled at the final gate

Part 4

Part 5
The Sun has no idea
Of the power it has
The Moon has no idea
That it has power at all
Dazzling stars remain
Smoke and flame rage
Flames frolic in the heavens
For the mighty have vanished
For its true form cannot be seen by starlight alone

Part 6
She sees
The final land's vortex
A heavy price being paid
And then a memory
Of the final gate being pried upon
By excessive power and the price it demands
And murderous, blood-drenched intent.

Dark Lord's Footprints:
1 Roots
2 Divine
3 Battlefield left of grailstone
4 Frost (close to gate from Annwfn)
5 Gate of the Dead

TO-DO:
The bottom of Immortal Battlefield where the life seal is, breakable wall?
"We are rendered immobile, unless the light is like the blue shadowed light here at the Gate of the Dead." -> Try changing the light to a blue shade at the bottom of Immortal Battlefield. Hold up a crystal skull? Actually this is refered to the Light of Time, so it probably needs time-stop to deactivate.
I sealed off one of the entrances to the Underworld. It lies at the end of a long, long [path to the bottom of the earth (dark blue)]. To break the seal, chant the words of my mantas: Sun (), moon, (), and sea () (dark blue x3). <- The pair of blocked exits in Corridor of Blood? Doubtful, but this has got to be somewhere.